react: add docs for excludeServerSideRenderingFor option (#1494)
ionic-team/stencil-site: docs/framework-integration/react.md

};
```

### excludeServerSideRenderingFor

**Optional**

**Type: `string[]`**

> Allows user to exclude a list of components to be server side rendered by Next.js or other React

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows users to exclude a list of components from server side rendering by Next.js or other React
```
